Personal Digital Archiving - Code of Conduct

Personal Digital Archiving 2019 is an inclusive, friendly, and safe opportunity for connection and collaboration. We are committed to providing a space for respectful communication.

We are committed to providing a harassment-free conference experience for everyone, regardless of gender, sexual orientation, disability, physical appearance, body size, race, or religion. We do not tolerate harassment of event participants in any form. Sexual or discriminatory language and imagery is not appropriate for any event venue, including talks and associated social events. Participants at an event violating these rules may be sanctioned or expelled at the discretion of the organizers, and their details provided to partner institutions and events.

Harassment includes offensive verbal comments related to gender, sexual orientation, disability, physical appearance, body size, race, religion, sexual and or discriminatory images in public spaces, deliberate intimidation, stalking, following, harassing photography or recording, sustained disruption of talks or other events, inappropriate physical contact, and unwelcome sexual attention.

Participants asked, by anyone, to stop any harassing behavior are expected to comply immediately. If a participant engages in harassing behavior, the organizers may take any action they deem appropriate, including warning the offender or immediate expulsion from the event. If you are being harassed, notice that someone else is being harassed, or have any other concerns, please contact a member of the event staff immediately.

Event staff can be identified by their name badges, and will help participants contact security or local law enforcement, provide escorts, or otherwise assist those experiencing harassment to feel safe for the duration of the conference.

This code of conduct is adapted from the code used in previous PDA conferences, the Digital Library Federation, and Project Hydra, based on the example policy from the Geek Feminism wiki and the CodeofConduct4Lib.
