Join us for Personal Digital Archiving 2019!
The University of Pittsburgh is pleased to host the Personal Digital Archiving conference, to be held in Pittsburgh, PA from May 2-4, 2019.

Personal Digital Archiving is an annual conference dedicated to the exploration of issues related to individual and community records in all digital forms. It is interdisciplinary and inclusive in nature, welcoming discussion between information professionals, academics, artists, and all individuals and community groups engaged in this area. We encourage an expansive, creative, and inclusive interpretation of “personal digital archives” at this conference. 

The Call for Proposals is Currently Open.
Personal Digital Archiving 2019 invites proposals on topics including, but not limited to:

Innovative personal or community archives projects
Ethical issues pertaining to personal digital archives
Uses of personal digital archives in the classroom or other educational settings
Tools and techniques for establishing or sustaining personal digital archives
Research or creative projects from other disciplines which incorporate personal digital archives
PDA 2019 will follow the format of previous conferences, with two days of presentations, panels, and posters, and a third day of workshops and community events.  The program committee seeks proposals for:

10-­20 ­minute presentations
5 ­minute lightning talks
posters (including demos)
Hands-on workshops and community-facing events
Some scholarships are available to support attendance for presenters. Please indicate in your proposal if you would like to be considered for financial support. 

Submit your proposal here: https://goo.gl/forms/QUp9nMI3hzpQrt9g1
Deadline for submission of proposals: Monday, February 4, 2019

Who Should Attend?
All are welcome to Personal Digital Archiving. In addition to Thursday and Friday’s presentations, we will be coordinating events on Saturday that will be open to the public, including those who have not registered for the conference. Those interested in attending may include, but are not limited to:

Community organizations focused on gathering oral histories or other local collections
Scholars, researchers and graduate students of all levels in all related disciplines
Those preserving familial material, activist groups, hobbyists, and tool developers
Information professionals such as archivists, librarians, and curators
Please address any questions or requests for more information  to Chelsea Gunn at cmg100@pitt.edu.
